Then, father, if you do that, will you read any of my letters?
I read your letters, no matter how many.
I'm waiting for you to write on the blackboard.
That's it, that's it, do this.
If you write two letters, do you know how many letters this is?
Do you understand?
If you write two letters, you're a fool.
You're lying, you're a fool.
This is a word called fast.
That's right, fast or fool, it's the same thing.
Why, why, you can say it.
When the bell rings, it's fast.
It's fast, it's the same thing.
You're lying, you're a fool.
If you write three letters, do you know how many letters this is?
Do you understand?
If you write three letters, you're a fool.
You're lying, you're a fool.
This is a word called forest.
That's right, forest or tree, it's the same thing.
Why, if there's a forest, there's a shop, there's a road, there's a road.
There's a road.
There's a road, there's a forest, there's a road, there's a road, there's a road.
You're a fool, you're a fool.
Do you know this word?
Dad, write a letter called tree here.
Write a letter called tree here.
This time, the one who wrote the letter was you.
Write a letter called pine.
You'll go out and meet your dead dad tomorrow.
Did you get hurt, dad?
I'll be fine.
Eat from mother's industrial magazine.
Why should you throw away my dad from me?
Kanto, the common man of your family's house,
This lady wrote letters to your father and abandoned it.
Who is this lady?
Hey, you!
Oh, I see you're talking nonsense.
You should talk like this.
You don't say anything.
Shut up!
I'm going to read a book.
Do you know this book?
I wrote it this time, but it's written as a script.
I'm going to read this book.
Hey, you!
Your favorite book is...
What?
My favorite book is...
Hey, you!
This is a script.